Well, we can go ahead and get started
if you want. I
usually wait for a thousand to hit,
but I know I'm really early in the
morning
for a lot of you in America.
But I've been up all night praying
and I waited to do this video because
the Lord said, "Brandon, I
want you to not do a live stream
tonight. There
are
things that are about to take
place that I want you to go on
later."So
I told Braden, "Let's
wait."So
we stayed up and I waited for
what the Lord was saying was coming,
and we saw what it was.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Accuracy is important.
Are
we ready?
Yeah.
Well, good morning, family. Thank you
for joining us so early.
We have a lot to talk about—all
this in
the news
and
all that
is
going on that has happened.
We know
that this was coming, didn't we?
Because of what the Holy Spirit had
warned us about.
I don't know the whole
capacity of this is, or what
I
mean—for
all that I see on
X,
it's quite
a bit, isn't it?
First off, I want to give all the glory
to Jesus for this channel
and I want to give him first
place. Father, I thank you, Lord.
I just thank you, Father,
for calling us and
choosing
us for such a time as this.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over
this atmosphere and over my mind.
And I thank you, Lord,
that
you speak through our vocal cords and
think through our minds. None of us and
all of you in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that you speak
through me
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
I bind witchcraft, incantations,
chants,
voodoo, all of it.
Father, let none of it come nigh
in
Jesus'name.
And
every tongue that rises
against us falls to the ground in
Jesus'name.
And I plead the blood of Jesus all
around me, my wife, and my children.
And I thank you, Father, for your
angels
that they protect us
in the mighty name of Jesus. Amen and
amen.
Well,
I was
encouraged about all that's going on in
Iran today, and that's what I was praying
over
for the Iranian people that are about to
have a major revival.
But when the Lord showed us
back—I
don't know how long it's been going on
now—about
Venezuela
and all the things the Lord has warned
us about, I saw
that
Maduro would be removed
and that they would put in a new
government and that the United States
would set up camp there like they did in
Iraq,
and that the United States government
would eventually set up a base there and
bring in a new
puppet government like
we did in Iraq, and that Maduro would be
like Saddam Hussein or Gaddafi.
The Lord warned us about all this.
Now, I saw
Maduro setting all the oil fields on
fire in Venezuela. Now, I know that the
United States government watches
my channel, President Trump included,
and I wondered if he took
what the Lord had showed us
and went after him and they
captured him and his wife, from what I
understand.
So, did they stop them from setting all
the oil fields on fire? Which I thought
was interesting because, like I
said, I give all glory to God,
ladies and gentlemen.
Everything that I see is by the spirit
of the Lord. It is not by Brandon Biggs.
I have this treasure in an earthen
vessel that the excellency of the power
will be known of him and not of me.
People automatically come out and say,
"Brandon, stay humble."You know folks,
if you know Brandon Biggs, you know it's
not Brandon that says all this stuff.
It's the Holy Ghost through
Brandon.
And so I
know who I am. I am just the guy
that was the janitor
ten
years ago, cleaning toilets.
It's still a part
of
me.
You don't leave that.
It's still Brandon Biggs there.
All this to me
changes like the tide.
When people saw that nothing happened
like what they thought it was going to
and people didn't die in New York and
all the things, people are throwing eggs
at me through email. "What do you say
now? You missed
it."No,
I didn't miss
anything.
I stand by what I said. I told you there
would be these things coming to New York
and we were to pray,
and that's what this channel is all
about. I don't consider myself a
prophetic voice; I consider myself a
watchman—somebody
who stands on the
wall and tells you what's coming and
what we're supposed to pray for. The
Lord said to raise up a million-man
and woman
prayer army. And he said when
you do this, you will change things
through the nations and you will see
great things change through prayer.
And you are to come on this YouTube and
pray.
And he said, "I put a gifting on you to
pray, and that's what you'll be known for
throughout the whole
world—through
prayer."And
that's what I've done.
I've been obedient to what God has
called me to do. And I believe
we've had great success with
prayer.
And so I appreciate every single one of
you that have supported me
and come on here and prayed with me
and take it
seriously.
And we see what we pray about in the
news. All glory to Jesus.
So I
saw—we
saw
Maduro... is it Mamdani or Maduro or
whoever went down and
had his ceremony underneath
New York?
Yeah, there's too many M-words.
Zohran
Mamdani.
Zohran,
whoever his
name is—the guy that's
a
Muslim
swore in on the Muslim
Bible—their
Muslim Quran,
sorry, not Bible, Quran—went down in
the subway system like Batman. He looked like he
was down in
it
like the Penguin did.
Remember whenever the second Batman movie,
Batman
Returns, and
Penguin went down there
with the penguin people?
He
looked like a villain,
you know, down there, and he's hanging
out down there swearing in on the
Quran and doesn't want to be out in the
public because he's a devil. You know, I
have to just say the man's a devil. And
so, he's down there swearing
on a Quran, doing all this demonic stuff
he does. Guess what, folks? You voted
for him.
I pray for New York. I pray
for what's coming next. You know, here
he is.
This guy—I told you the devil was
grooming somebody new.
Here he is. He's coming out. Hello, the
new Obama.
Everybody loves him. He's great.
As
he's a communist.
So we'll see what happens next in New
York. I told you a storm was coming.
I'm not a sugarcoated
person to tell you everything's
going to be sugar canes and gumdrops
and cupcakes like some of these
prophetic voices you're hearing
that come in their skinny jeans and fog
machines and tell you all the things.
I hear
after they give you your 2026 word and
tell you all that they say is coming,
and you hear it and you go,
"What did they really say?"That's
what I
want to ask you. What
are these false
prophets saying to you?
They're giving you these sugar-coated
words.
What did they really say after you heard
it? Do you remember any of it? That's
why—because
it's not the spirit of God
speaking. Because when the Lord talks,
there's no confusion.
It parts the sea, folks.
When God speaks to you and he warns you
of that which is to come, there's no
question of what he's saying.
But there's a lot of words being
said where you go, "What? Really? 2026 is
what?"Because
you know
it isn't the spirit of God. It's just
fluff coming out of him. A lot of
sugarcoated words. I
listen to it. The Lord said, "I want you to
be still, son. You're going to speak for
me in the days ahead. Be still.
Don't go on YouTube in the next
three
days. Be still,
and when I tell you when to say
something because something big is about to
happen to validate what I've told you is
coming."You
don't need people to give you a pat
on the back. You don't need a huge
platform behind a stage. Just say the
things I tell you to say and it'll
prove
to be accurate.
I said,
"Okay."When
everybody comes out and throws eggs
at you a lot, I just keep standing.
And he said, "And when the devil showed
up in my house today—last night, was
it last
night?"Yeah.
Couldn't come in. I had to go out. He was
outside.
He was mad.
I didn't understand what was going on. I
went outside to my garage. I opened the
garage door and there he was.
And he said all kinds of stuff.
And Dolores said, "Don't entertain
him.
Bind him and tell him to get out of
here."But
he had a lot to say about our
channel. He did not like
what we've been doing too
much.
He's threatened by it.
But
I
audibly heard him.
I said,
"Last time you visited, you were really
ticked off,
too."You
know, when you're being effective,
people say he's not omnipresent.
But you know what is interesting to me
is
whenever you poke him in the eye, he
doesn't
like it too much.
And when you're praying and being
effective in your prayers
and the Bible, the Lord told me,
he said, "A fervent prayer of the
righteous availeth much, Brandon,
the fervent effectual prayer of the
righteous."Do
you understand? When you
are righteous and
you're coming up beside the Lord and
you're taking communion and you
keep humble before him, he will exalt
you in due time. Who cares what all
these other people say?
Jesus is Lord.
Jesus is King
and he's King in my house. And when the
devil—I
wonder how many of the other
false prophets, I wonder if the
devil visited them.
He's ticked off when you're
smearing mud in his
face
and you go up there and you're
telling people about Jesus Christ and
he's coming. That's the whole bottom
line, ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus is coming and that's what
is
coming with this Venezuela. He's
removing dictators and drug
lords because a revival is about to
break forth in Venezuela. And I told
you witchcraft was big in Venezuela. And
I saw darkness over the land and it was
parted
when all this stuff started to take place.
And I saw a great revival ready to
break forth in Venezuela and it
spreads all throughout Brazil and all
throughout South America. And the Lord
said, "I'm going to pour out my spirit
upon all those people, Brandon, and can
these bones live?"How many times have
we seen that? And then he said, "I'm
going to move mightily in
Iran, and you're going to see a
parting in Iran and all
that
I've told you about
Iran."And
I put the video out of the
short of what the Lord showed us about
Iran. And then he said, "I'm going to do
it in North Korea.
I'm going to move in North Korea
and I'm going to shake North Korea.
I'm going to get rid of it."And I saw
Kim Jong-un going.
All of a sudden, he'll go home. And then I
saw—and
he's going to hell. And then I
saw his sister, too.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to remove
two dictators, Brandon. I'm going to
liberate the people of North
Korea in the days
ahead."And
a great revival. And I saw the
army of North Korea trying to
suppress it and China coming in. And
he said, "I'm giving them a
window of
opportunity."And
I saw people being
teleported
on
a superhighway above the atmosphere.
Looked
like spaghetti noodles.
The Lord said, "I'm going to
put you in there
and I'm going to bring liberation
in North Korea, Brandon.
I'm going to do it in Venezuela. I'm
going to do it in places that
have been suppressed by the
government, suppressed by the people
that have not had freedom of
religion and been able to have a
revival and I'm going to bring great
revival."So,
we're seeing the first
of what he said was coming.
So,
all this to say,
I appreciate all your prayer support.
The last 48 hours have been really
interesting for us,
especially spiritually. And
I don't talk about the devil. I'm going
to tell you this: we don't give him any
glory. He's a loser.
And people say, "Well, Brandon,
why did
you say?"Because
our Jesus made a display of
him openly,
triumphing over him in it. He made a
display of him.
He kicked him right in the teeth.
And Jesus Christ is Lord and he is
King of Kings and he is coming back
soon. And it's time for the church to
wake up.
And the last word I gave was a strong word,
what the Lord gave me to give you all.
And it shook me.
It shook me. There's a lot there I did
not give publicly. You say,
"Why?"Because
it wasn't for you. The Lord
said, "Don't give it
yet."He
said, "They're not ready for
it."Remember
Jesus said in his word whenever
he told the disciples, he said
there's much he can't tell them yet. There
are
words that he can't tell them yet
because
they aren't ready to receive it.
Daniel couldn't; he had to hide it and
put it away because they weren't ready to
have it yet.
It's
the same thing the Lord does with me.
"Now,
they're not ready yet. Be quiet. I'll
tell you when to say it."So,
I'm
just being obedient to what he's asked
me to do.
So, we pray over these things and
we'll see some of these clips.
Braden,
do you want to show some of them? Yeah.
This is interesting. You know, when a B-2
stealth
bomber comes in, it's pretty
intimidating.
Our helicopters
are—it's
pretty interesting. I look at
how we move as a nation, as our
military is pretty intimidating. It's
very intimidating. It looks
like something out of a Hollywood movie.
Whenever you see us doing stuff, you
know, it's like, "Wow,
this is
real."Do
you have some of the clips?
Sorry.
It's them launching it and
then they
got
it.
There they are.
Look at that. What kind of stealth planes
are those?
I don't know what they're saying. So, if
they're saying foul language,
forgive us. We don't speak Spanish
or Portuguese or whatever they're
speaking. So, I don't know if they're
saying bad words.
Like I said, be careful, son. Yeah. It's
kind of
a guy's house or
something.
I think it's all interesting. I haven't
seen any of
this.
Wow.
Did they cut out the power or anything?
Is it like a city? Yeah.
Wow. It's pretty amazing.
Nobody
really saw that coming in the
media or anything, did they?
It's like a surprise.
Happened at night when everybody was
asleep.
Yeah.
Pretty wild.
So then we see the things that are
happening in Iran and that is
okay. So I'm going to go over that. I'm
trying not to be too scattered, but I'm
tired. I haven't slept today.
I saw the Prince of Persia, the
demonic spirit. Remember, I saw the
angel and I told you all the angel had a
hold of Iraq
and the Lord said, "I'm bringing
liberation to Iraq and the Iraqi dinar
would go up in value in the days
ahead."Remember
that? I warned you
and we keep praying over the dinar, and
I saw the number 25 and I saw
that Prince of Persia grabbing a
hold of Babylon.
It
had a hold of it and it was a
stronghold holding onto Iraq, and
Iraq will rise up out of the ashes. I
told you
I saw palm trees coming up and I saw
buildings coming up and I saw all these
major things and the Iraqi people being
liberated and their new currency coming
up. And I saw a new currency coming and
I saw prosperity coming, it
seemed like out of nowhere, but it would
bring liberation and freedom to
the American people and the Christians
who had invested. I'm not
giving financial advice; I'm just
telling you what I saw and what I
believe the Lord has shown me in a
vision. So don't say, "Well, Brandon,
you told me..."I didn't tell you to invest
in nothing. I'm telling you what the
Lord showed me. So I saw what I
believe the Lord showed me. I saw that
angel grabbing a hold of
that—it
was not an angel. It was a
demon. It was a Prince of
Persia grabbing
a hold
of Iraq. I saw
such a stronghold, but I saw it being
liberated. Then I saw a breaking
in this, and I saw his hands being
loosed off of this.
I believe it could come out of this
with a regime change and all of these
things. I saw three people over the
Central Bank of Iraq and all these
major things taking place in Iraq
because Iran had such a stronghold on
Iraq. But maybe in this—and what I'm
saying, I'm not trying to add to or take
away from anything—this is just me
Brandon praying into this of what the
Lord has shown us over the course of
time: that there was going to be
a major uprising in Iraq and
in its banking system with Iran.
So
all that's happening with Iran and the
people and all this liberating,
them taking over these cities.
So this is all the people protesting
and an uprising in Iran, and
they're wanting to overthrow
the regime, right? This is all
happening at the same time. I told you
2026, whenever the Lord has been having
me pray,
it's going to be a year like
you've never seen before.
In
three
years—remember
what He
said?—2026,
2027, and 2028 will be an
acceleration of things that will keep
accelerating
to
the next
Shemitah
cycle. That is a great opportunity
for the Lord Jesus Christ to come in the
Rapture. That's what I'm looking
at: 2028,
the Shemitah cycle that will end
on
Rosh Hashanah
during that timeframe of the Feast of
Trumpets. Watch that timeframe: 2028.
It will be the time when I believe
the plague and the things will be taking
place with this death, this black
thing in sackcloth moving across
when I saw it three or four days ago. I
saw the plague coming and I warned you
all of a major plague that's coming that
will be AI-generated, that they will
release on the nations in the end of
fall of 2027
going into 2028. I saw a six-month window
of over 300 million people passing away,
and it will be a massive plague that
will hit the nations. This is what we
need to pray over next. This is a major
thing that I'm telling you; I've
seen it so many times by the Spirit of
God that it will cause great havoc and
it will be COVID on steroids. If you
thought COVID was bad, it was nothing;
this
would be
a cakewalk compared to what I saw coming
in the days ahead.
The Lord said a great acceleration of
wars and rumors of wars. I saw a
major
taking over of Taiwan in the days ahead.
I saw Taiwan when America is
afflicted with a wound;
they were circling Taiwan
and they took Taiwan in three days.
China...
America was not able to help because it
was too busy with a wound inside. It was
some kind of cyber event, some kind of
major event takes place in America.
Then at the same time, that's when I
keep telling you all I keep seeing a 'Red
Dawn'D-Day
experience in our own
country. And the Lord keeps warning me
about this over and over again.
He said, 'Because of the
Biden
administration, they have infiltrated
your borders and they are in your
country as we speak.'When
I saw—the
Lord said, 'You're too focused on the
crown jewel, but they will try to roll
out in the days ahead through this
250th anniversary to infiltrate your
country to bring great havoc and
turmoil.'And
you will be so grateful
that President Trump is behind the steering
wheel
in the days ahead.
I saw President Trump
behind a major Mayflower ship and he
was sailing across the sea,
focused
with all the storm and all the
turmoil going on around him. He had his
eyes fixed;
he was steering the ship.
Does anybody remember that?
I bring all these things out because the
Lord shows us a lot.
I saw major things take place in
our nation
one after another.
And the Lord told us that what
happened
in
Europe—and
I saw that Emmanuel Macron was
an Ishmael to the Isaac of what will
come. He is not the Antichrist, but he
will look like it in the days ahead.
This is President Trump—show
him
that picture. Remember this?
Braden
made it with AI. But this is what I
saw in the spirit, but he didn't have
crossbones on his hat.
There you go, that's what I saw.
President Trump was sailing the
boat
and there was a storm all around him.
And the Lord said, 'You'll be so
thankful that man is president in the
days
ahead.'I've
seen this so many times: President
Trump fixed on the task at hand.
The Lord said, 'Pray for his security,
his
safety.'So
we see this man,
Maduro.
Maduro was out
today and the Lord said a new government
was coming.
So it's happening just like the Lord
said. So what would happen next? I saw
in the days ahead
Zelensky.
Remember I said that they will
take him out, and I saw it would be like
Jason Bourne.
I saw he was snorting coke and
having prostitutes and doing all
these things, and I saw him trying to
flee with
a hundred
million dollars in a plane in cash.
He had stored back a hundred million dollars
and he had stolen all our
taxpayer money. I saw 24
billion dollars that was corrupted
money through politicians
through corrupt politician accounts
that they were funneling money. Now,
isn't it amazing that I told you I saw
bees coming out of the ground in
Minnesota
and all the things the Lord showed us
about Minnesota and the corruption and
the finances? I saw a red wave
trying to come to Minnesota and He
said, 'You have a crack; what will you
do with it
to take Minnesota for me?'And then Mike
Lindell says, 'Hey, I'm running for
governor.'Governor
Mike Lindell—we need to pray
for him. But I saw a cork in his
finances. And the Lord said his finances
have been attacked severely and he
needs help. I saw a big drain and his
finances were draining out before him.
The Lord said, 'Pray for him to win;
he'll be good for that
state.'But
I saw the lady that looked
African-American with a turban on her
head; she was removed
in the days ahead. I saw something
happen with her political career and
it's over very abruptly.
I saw new people coming in.
But then the same things will happen in
California. And the Lord said, 'Pray for a
great revival that will break forth in
California.'Same
thing with Portland, Oregon:
shaking to awaken in Portland, Oregon.
And I saw a major shaking of an
earthquake taking place in Portland,
Oregon, so much so that I saw the
buildings in British Columbia completely
crumbling to the ground. And I saw
35,000 people pass away in British
Columbia within just a couple of hours.
A wave of water comes in
from the ocean.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention.'This is
what He's been talking to me about the
last 24 hours. He said, 'Remember I
told you to watch the ocean, son?
Remember I told you the active volcanoes
would start to pop up in the middle of
the ocean?'And He said,
'Pray about the fish because
there's going to be a sign.'A lot of
dead fish will start to rise up on the
water on the beaches in the days
ahead
as a sign of what's about to happen.
Volcanic
activity will come out in the middle of
the water.
Volcanoes in the middle of the ocean
will start to become active. And he
said, "Watch these things for they will be
a
sign."I
saw major earthquakes taking place in
the
Pacific Ocean.
And so, he warned us about
China doing things with the Panama
Canal in the days ahead. I saw
all
the different things about
something happening in
Costa Rica.
It was when
they had the water and the snake
come up and poison the water.
There was something that was type
and
shadow. There was something that
happened
with some kind of warfare, some kind of
territorial warfare. And I saw
Guatemala
and the Lord said, "Pray for Guatemala
because I saw some kind of
something bad happening in Guatemala and
the people were getting poisoned."But I
saw David Hogan and the revival
praying with Heidi Baker and some
of these others
praying for these people.
So we've seen quite a
bit. The Lord's been good
to us on this channel showing us
that which is to come. Next thing I
believe will be another attack that will
be worse than October 7th on Israel. If
you remember, I saw Benjamin being taken
out
and the Lord said, "Pray because I saw
Bennett coming
back."Now,
what does that mean? Does it mean that he will be
removed by vote because the election is
this year or does it mean because I
heard the word Mossad?
Now I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I
tell you what I see by the spirit of God
when I pray,
but I saw Mossad removing this man. I
don't know what that means but I
don't try to add to or take away from
because
I'm on a live YouTube
channel,
but I know what it means. I'm not
going to sit there and tell you I don't.
I know what it means. I know what I
saw.
But I have to be careful because
they've
tried to pull my feed three times
already these last couple of days.
Whenever I did it,
Brandon
said, "I've got to learn how
to say things without saying them because
I'm on their platform."And the bigger
the Lord makes this, the more I'm
watched.
And so,
it's all a learning curve. I'm
trying. We're growing on X over there
all to the glory of God.
And we're believing that it'll be a
second platform so that if
something were to happen, you could
find me still.
Because I'm not going to hold back
anything.
I'm going to be bold as a lion.
I'm going to be bold and I'm going to
stand on the wall and I'm going to warn
you exactly what's coming of what I
believe the Lord is showing me.
And you always have the
peanut gallery.
You always have the ones—and it's like
the Lord showed me it was like
a football game
and you have the people that leave
everything out on the field, but you
always have the peanut gallery in the
stands yelling at the players.
And there's a lot of you Christians
out there that don't have any
relationship with God, but you have the
loudest voice out there screaming and
heckling.
But you know what? Your day's
coming.
I have to say that to you.
Shaking's coming to your house,
hecklers.
And then people say, "Well, we're
out here
just picking and helping
out with trying to expose
falseness."No,
you're not. You're
a troll. You're the ones out
there that are just the Pharisees of the
land. And God's going to deal with you.
To the ones that are trying to help and
pray and lead people to Jesus,
you're the ones in the peanut gallery
that
he's going to deal with. I told you
1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming.
Just remember that.
I pray for you
and I pray for mercy for a lot of you
hecklers.
And I say, "Okay,
just remember what the Lord says. 1
Corinthians 5:5 is coming knocking on
your
door."So
Brandon
needs more rest.
We laugh at it, but it's not funny because it
really is coming to your house.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
Remember that. I told you.
So,
what I saw last night,
I was sitting on the couch and the Lord
said there'll be a lot
of—as
I was praying,
I sat there last night and I was
interceding. He gave me
because
I've been praying this over me
and I thought it was beautiful about
Psalm 17:8.
"Keep me as the apple of thy eye.
Hide me under the shadow of thy
wings."And
that's where I have
been concerning 2026,
that we keep in the apple of
his eye.
Hide me
in the shadow of thy wings, Father,
because that's what really matters.
All the other stuff doesn't matter. Keep me as
the apple of your eye, Lord.
And
I saw a lot of mega ministers,
and I'm not going to say who I saw,
but I saw them
automatically
retire.
There's going to be
retirements
in the days ahead. A lot of
all of a sudden saying, "I'm withdrawing
from my ministry and I'm putting
somebody else in
it."You'll
see withdrawals
and you'll see departing.
And the Lord showed me specific ones
that will start to really
pan out in the days ahead.
And they have huge platforms. And I saw
new Davids rising up
again. And the Lord
warned me and he said there'll be great
ministries that they'll have
resignation
transitions,
but it's not—they're resigning. And they're
saying, "Hey, I'm retiring
abruptly."And
so I thought that was kind of
interesting as I was praying into that.
And you'll see that in the news. You'll
see that on Facebook and all
kinds of places and you'll go,
"Wow."And
there'll be a new person come up and
take their baton and start running with
the ministries
in these areas. Some of them not so old,
some of them old.
Some of them you'll go, "No
way."But
it's all part of the process
of the cleansing of the house. He said,
"Judgment begins in my house
first."And
that's what you're going to see a
lot of: a cleansing of the house.
So
to all 3,000 of you, I know this is kind
of different. I usually do not do this
video until I've had
rest
at this time of day.
So
it's in the morning. Isn't that
amazing?
All right. Well, is that good? Did I
cover everything pretty good?
There was a revival breaking out in
Brazil and I thought that was really
cool
because what the Lord showed
us—remember
what the Lord showed us, Brazil and a
major revival breaking out in Brazil
when we prayed. Look at this
right here.
I thought this was awesome. CBN played
it.
We watched it.
It's
14,000. Yeah, see,
it's probably too much.
We probably shouldn't play their stuff.
I don't know who this company is.
Yeah, but they just showed this guy. And
so, they were just talking about—this is
the jungle.
Remember I told you I saw the jungle?
I saw them having a major
revival.
14,500
people
baptized.
That's amazing.
Wow.
It's beautiful.
I love it.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Thank you, Father.
That's beautiful.
It's really cool.
I love it.
So many families getting touched by the
power of God. And from what I have seen
in the days ahead,
the most glorious outpouring of the
spirit of God beyond anybody's
comprehension.
I'm telling you what we're about to
experience in Venezuela and Iran. People
say it's not time yet. Yes, it's time.
You don't understand how close Jesus
Christ is to coming.
Do you see it now?
When you
see the signs of the times,
are you able to see it a little bit more? I
try
to show you the
urgency. Whenever he
tells me there's no
urgency
in the church—there's not enough
urgency and intense anticipation of
the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ—it's
happening
just like he said
we would see. Look at this. This is an
elderly
woman, probably in
her 80s,
walking with a walker down the street,
excited to have a liberated Iran.
They've been underneath so much
oppression.
They're burning the flag, and that is a
death penalty
offense.
That tells you how free they
feel—that
they're so suppressed and so angry
inside for how their regime has treated
them and how they treat women like dogs.
But yet, God is going to bring revival to
those people. You're going to see
people saved and you're going to see
people delivered. I'm telling you,
ladies and gentlemen, it's just now
starting. He said, "Days of great fun
have just
begun."I'm
excited about this,
but it's going to start and we're going
to see shaking in America because he said
great pride has set in.
He said, "I'm going to humble them. I'm
going to humble the
people."And
Brandon, there's going to be a great
revival that brings forth
into
America. It's going to be amazing:
days of great fun
and
financial blessing. When I told you
to watch Trump's sons, Don Jr.
and
Eric, in the days ahead for a great
wealth transfer, watch these two men,
for I will double Trump's wealth by
three.
Then Braden brings this to me and said,
"Daddy, did you see this about Trump's
sons and this
WLFI
on crypto and all this?"I said,
"No, of course not."But Braden keeps me
up to date.
This kind of stuff is amazing.
Maybe it's
something to follow
because
the Lord said, "Watch them.
Watch what I do with them.
I'm going to restore what the cankerworm
ate
over Trump's past four years of persecution,
and I'm going to bring forth great
wealth to this
family."They're
already rich, but he's going to
restore back what the cankerworm ate.
I'm expecting
this year
with all of it. Remember,
it doesn't
matter.
He said you can focus on a coin.
The dark is going to get darker and the light
is
going to get lighter. Which side
do you want to focus on
for what's coming?
Braden has a
quarter.
It's that thin.
Do you understand how thin that
is?
You can really peek on both sides,
but what side do you choose to focus on?
The dark's going to get darker—signs of the
times. There will be
a shaking in five areas:
politics,
finances,
the crust of the earth (earthquakes),
the heavens, and the church.
Five major shakings.
That's a major side of the
coin.
But do you see how thin that coin is?
The Lord showed me. He said,
"Brandon,
it's as thin as that.
The glory will be on one side and the
greatest outpouring of what
you've
always dreamed
of."I
saw Brother Hagin.
I saw Kathryn Kuhlman. I saw
a lot of the greats peeking over, looking
into a portal. They were getting ready
for the great show,
the greatest outpouring this world
has ever seen, and they were all
anticipating. I said, "Well, that must
mean it's really about
to
happen."There's
no time in
heaven.
What they're looking
for, they know is about to happen.
They're being summoned: "Hey, guess
what you've been waiting for."The great
cloud of witnesses,
they're waiting. They're
anticipating what they wanted to see
during
their time on the earth and didn't
get to. The Lord took them home first.
But he's going to use you and
me.
We've been called to the kingdom for
such a time as this.
You can focus on which side you
want to focus on. There will be fearful
sights that you see that will bring
you to your knees. Or you can focus on
this side of the quarter: all the
glory that you're about to see.
The greatest move of God this world has
ever seen
is going to be on this side.
Scary sights will be on the other side:
shakings, awakenings, all these things.
The governments—I'm telling you, I bet
those people in Venezuela today were
freaking out as those helicopters and
planes were flying in and dropping
bombs. I can't imagine being outside
looking at that and going, "Oh, no. I hope
no one hurts my house."That's
when
you need to know
your believer's authority,
get your covenant rights, and understand
who you are. Take your authority and
pray in the days ahead.
That's why we're on this channel.
40 minutes—not too bad.
So,
learning your authority,
praying, pleading the blood,
reading about the precious
blood of Jesus,
and
the main thing the Lord told us
two days ago.
He said, "I want you to bring
out John Bevere's book,
The Awe of God. I want you to read that
again.
Read the first three chapters
like a
fine-tooth
comb."Why?
I don't know.
That's our mission. Diana is trying to
work on things right now
to get caught up, and
then we're going to
really start to read those books and
do things that God's called us
to do. People have invited me to
come speak at their churches
for the first of the year. I'm praying
about it still. I'm not real quick to
jump on anything. I go slow.
I've stayed on YouTube and
talked. I really don't even know if I
came to your church what I would say
unless the Holy Spirit told me what to
say
beforehand.
I've just
been on here
telling
you what I believe the Lord
has told me is coming.
I'm honored
all the time that people would invite me
to come and speak at their church.
It's on the East Coast,
almost 7 in the morning. To all of you
waking up and praying with us early in
the morning on the East Coast—how
many are
there?
3,500 people.
Pretty cool. I guess we're talking to
Europe right now, right? There's a lot
of people from
Spain,
England, and Australia. Somebody's watching from Australia. So, let's see what happens to Zelensky in the next couple of days. It's
going to be interesting, isn't it? Pray that
the United States of America does not
give Tomahawk missiles to
Zelensky.
That's the number one
thing you should pray
about because I saw them poking the
bear by shooting at the Kremlin,
and I saw a catastrophic event taking
place with a weapon of mass destruction
that will be used on Poland in the days
ahead.
I saw a weapon go off, and it
wiped out a lot of people
in Poland.
Putin does it,
and
it's very serious.
There's a lot to that.
So,
I bring all
these things to you
now, and I
pray that one person will grab this and
another
person, and
many hands make light work.
Everybody's praying over a piece of the
pie and you say,
"I got the hammer, I got the nail, I got the
screwdriver,
I got the
wrench,"and
everybody's able to build this
beautiful house together and not one
person saying, "I'm Bob the Builder by
myself."I
like to have many hands because
there is
a lot going on
right now. Did you show them
the Batman cave? I wanted to show that.
Did you show the green
where it looked like? I said it looked
like the Joker. I mean, it looked like
something out of a Batman movie.
We caught a guy—the FBI came out
and said they caught another
person in North Carolina, and he
looked
like an African-American man that
had hammers and knives, ready to
do stuff to
grocery stores. They caught
him. So, between that and all the other
things—California,
Texas, North Carolina—and uniforms.
Now, I don't understand what these
uniforms were all about. But doesn't
that look like the Batman movie
on the
screen?
'I will support
the Constitution of the United States,
the Constitution of
the
State
of New York, and the Charter
of the City of New York; and that I will
faithfully discharge
the duties
of the office of
the Mayor of the City of New York,
according to
the best of my ability, so help me
God.'Congratulations,
Mr. Mayor.
Happy
New Year to New Yorkers, both inside this
tunnel and above.
And what a blessing to
see everyone
tomorrow as we begin our term. This is
truly an honor. Did you show
him
the police uniforms?
Yeah.
Now, I don't know if this was
terrorist-related
or just people quitting after he
got sworn in.
I don't want to assume, but I
thought it was interesting. They
had all kinds of police uniforms that
were found in a huge box.
Maybe this was one person that quit, or
multiple, or it was something more
wicked,
like how
they would try to pretend they're cops
and dress up if it was
terrorists
or something that left their
uniforms out there. I don't know;
maybe somebody might say, 'Hey Brandon,
we found out what it is
now.'Braden
found it and he said, 'Daddy,
that looks kind of weird that all these
NYPD
uniforms were found in a
box.'So,
we pray that it was just somebody
that quit
when he got sworn in, but they found all
these uniforms.
That's
a lot of police uniforms
on the side of the road. They're all
in
a
cardboard box, and there's
a lot of them.
So, either that was
terrorists
trying to get ready to dress
up and do something, or that's just
somebody making a statement saying 'I
quit.'Who
knows?
Pretty interesting, though.
Then the other part was the guy
up in Minnesota. There was more about
that girl saying
she wanted Elon Musk to
be
taken out
and
was threatening
him,
and that was pretty bad.
Anything that I'm telling you is
never a
threat—I
want to make that very clear. Anything
that I see is never a threat. I'm
trying to tell you we should pray.
We don't want any harm to happen to
anybody.
We are to cover Democrats, Republicans,
conservatives,
all kinds of people.
We're Christians here,
and that's what we believe in God for:
protection over everybody
regardless of what you believe or what
lifestyle you have. I pray for you if
you're evil or good. We pray for
you to change and get born
again.
Most
people think when I talk
about
Benjamin and all the things the Lord
showed me,
people get excited. No, we
don't want anyone to be harmed.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem. There
are
so
many
people that
are
sick in their minds.
Our job is to pray for peace.
When this girl said
she wanted Elon Musk to be taken
out, that's craziness. What's
wrong with people?
She has a huge following, from what I
understand.
Then
Elon Musk said it is war
because of what she said
threatening him.
Why isn't she in jail
for threatening him like that?
It's
pretty nuts.
So, that's
really
what I had for y'all today. I
think that's good enough.
Sorry if it's a little raw. I haven't had
any rest today and
I'm going to pray with you a little bit
here
and we're going to call it. I'm going
to come back refreshed and then
you'll say,
'Brandon, that's
better,'because
Brandon had something to eat and had
some rest. I was praying over this all
night and stayed up with him, and I told him,
'Let's go
live,'because
people want to know what the
Lord's showing
me.
Father, we just thank you for
the
body.
We thank you as they start their
day.
It's Saturday, and we're so grateful for
the weekend.
Thank you for your protection
over
us as we
have football games in the
United States of America. Father, I thank
you for a supernatural hedge of
protection
that whatever takes place in
America through this Red Dawn
experience, we call an uncovering. We ask
that there's protection over
every person represented here
today and in Europe. As we get ready
for the Olympics, we call
an
uncovering over the Olympics in
Jesus'name—of
every plot, plan,
terrorist attack, and demonic attack.
Father, we
thank you that there's a
supernatural uncovering and that
we will see revival again in the name of
Jesus. We call forth revival from the
north, south, east, and west, over
every continent and every nation.
We say in the name of Jesus, we're about
to have the greatest move of God this
world has ever seen.
We thank you that you're stirring
up the new Davids, the new Esthers, the
new spiritual leaders.
We thank you that we'll
have the greatest, freshest move of
God we've ever seen
before—bigger
than Azusa Street, bigger
than any kind of John Wesley revival.
We thank you
that you've called us and chosen
us for such a time as this.
We believe
for the freshest touch of the Holy Ghost
today—a
fresh drink,
fresh wine, and a new
wineskin.
Thank you that you've
called us to be salty
in this time. When people look,
they'll ask,
'What is
different about
us?'It's
Jesus.
I thank you that the healing power
would
flow through our
hands—that
when we lay hands on the
sick, they'll recover.
We take this body right now in Jesus'name
because
we know that by your
stripes, we're healed.
From the top of our head to
the soles of our feet, we're healed,
whole, and well. We thank you
for a good day ahead of us in the
mighty name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We make much of
the blood, and the blood makes much of
us. We apply the blood. We thank you
that we
are covered by the blood and
are
always in the right place at the right
time, doing exactly what you've called
us to do.
No weapon formed against us will
prosper.
We're expecting good things
in
Jesus'name.
Amen. And amen.
Thank you for revival.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for your angels that
are watching over us, that we're always
in the right place at the right time.
And we give you praise and glory,
Father, for the blood that covers us
from the top of our head to the soles of
our feet. We call our marriages
restored and blessed. And Father, we
thank you, Lord,
that their children are rising up and
call their family blessed. Father, that
they're healed and whole and well.
No weapon formed against them would
prosper.
Father, as they get ready to start back
to school, Father, that they'll be
kids that are on fire for Jesus. Father,
going back from Christmas break,
I thank you, Lord,
that
revival is happening in our public
schools, in our private schools, and
Father, in our college campuses.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
we are in that place of
readiness,
looking up, for we
know our redemption draws nigh
in the name of Jesus. Now, Father,
I pray over every church service
that takes place over this weekend. And
we pray for supernatural protection over
every
megachurch,
over every little church.
And we thank you, Lord, that your angels
are camping around and about every place
of worship,
over every airplane:
the jets, American Air,
United, Delta.
Isn't that amazing?
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I lean into you
in the midst. Father, I thank you,
Father.
We confidently trust in you, Lord.
I see every little thing the Lord is
telling me we have to pray over in the
next couple weeks.
There's a lot of work here.
Praise God. I don't know where to
even go with that.
All I know is that we have a lot of
work to do. And I'm thankful for every
single one of you here.
So, I'm going to get some rest and I'll
be back here in a little bit.
I'm going to put it on
a
shelf. I can't push through this
right now,
but I'll be back here in a little bit
and we'll do it. And we're going to
pray and
take care of this. I see
the
Super Bowl highlighted,
the Olympics,
churches, major
megachurches.
You need to pray over Joel Osteen's
church
and
some of these
other
megachurches,
praying protection over them.
Praying protection over our churches.
And it's not just about charismatic
churches; I see Catholic churches
involved in this,
praying over Catholic churches, praying
over our Baptist churches, major
gatherings of people
praying over our churches.
So, that's what we continue to pray for,
but I'm going to go.
I wanted to touch base with you all and
tell you I'm okay.
I needed a little break. I pushed
really hard in December.
And whenever you push as thin as what I
did, I told Diana, I said, 'I have to
get my bearings
and pray and seek Him and listen to Him
for us and what the Lord has for
us for 2026, and listening even more
carefully because I don't want to
walk on thin ice, you
know?'You
want to be
right with Him
walking.
And it's
very—this
is
an
awesome job,
but when you have so many people
watching you,
you have to really take the time to
separate yourself. And I understand why
Jesus went to the mountains
and took time to seek the
Father by himself and separate
himself
from the disciples and said, 'Listen,
I'm going to go up and I'm going to
sit and I'm going to
listen and talk to my
Father.'And
it made sense. Now I get it more. I
go, 'You know what? I
understand.'So
it's what we've been doing. Just
being quiet. We're fine. And I'm so
thankful. You know, there's a lot of
people that are really concerned.
'Brandon, it's been two
days.'Yeah,
it's been three days now.
I'm here. But it's like
listening and just being really
attentive and listening, praying.
And that's what we've been doing. And
whenever I had that demonic experience
yesterday, I thought, 'Boy, you know,
when I poke the devil in the eye, it's
nice.'I
go, 'Hey, we're being
effective. You know what? When you're
winning, glory to God.'And so,
that's where we are.
And we'll continue and we'll be back
here. I'll have a video for you
tonight. We're going to pray more.
I'll pray for two hours or whatever the
Lord leads us to do. And so, we're so
thankful for every single one of you. I
know we're talking to a whole different
group of people in Europe right now. And
so, welcome. We're excited. If you could
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, click the thumbs up, and we're so
excited that you're here. We love you.
And thank you for your support. Thank
you for being here and praying with us.
And we'll be back again. I'll try to get
up earlier and do more prayer
videos. I like doing the night videos
because it's whenever it's more
active for us. I see a lot more,
and so it's interesting. So, we love
you. We'll see you
in just a couple, I guess.
God bless you all. Remember, put a smile
on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you. We love you. God bless
you. Bye-bye.